Add guide for `@relayId` (#73)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/integrations/relay-compatibility.adoc

> [[relay-compatibility]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[relay-compatibility]]
:description: This page describes how to set up a mechanism for refetching an object when using a Relay GraphQL server.
```

= Relay Compatibility

> The https://relay.dev/docs/guides/graphql-server-specification/[Relay GraphQL Server Specification] states that in order for a server to be compatibile with Relay, it must provide:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The https://relay.dev/docs/guides/graphql-server-specification/[Relay GraphQL Server Specification] states that in order for a server to be compatible with Relay, it must provide:
```

> 1. A mechanism for refetching an object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. A mechanism for refetching an object.
```

> 2. A description of how to page through connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. A description of how to page through connections.
```

> The Neo4j GraphQL Library provides a description of how to page through connections out of the box, however, configuration is required for it to provide a mechanism for refetching an object, which this guide details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Neo4j GraphQL Library provides a description of how to page through connections out of the box.
However, configuration is required for it to provide a mechanism for refetching an object, which this page details.
```

> == Object Identification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Object identification
```

In order for a Relay client to be able to refetch objects, each type must have a unique object indentifier which can be used for this purpose.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> A server informs a Relay client that this requirement has been satisfied by having types implement the `Node` directive, which has the following definition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A server then informs a Relay client that this requirement has been satisfied by having types that implement the `Node` directive, which has the following definition:
```

[source, graphql]
----
interface Node {
  id: ID!
}
----

So for example, a type `Book` might have the definition:

[source, graphql]
----
type Book implements Node {
  id: ID!
  isbn: String!
}
----

> With the above definition, Relay clients will be able to refetch `Book` objects using the `node` query field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With that, Relay clients are able to refetch `Book` objects using the `node` query field.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> With the above in mind, the following section dives into how to do this with the Neo4j GraphQL Library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following section dives into how to do this with the Neo4j GraphQL Library.
```

== The `@relayId` directive

The Neo4j GraphQL Library provides an abstraction over the required `id` field, allowing the value of any unique property in the database to be used as the object identifier.

This is provided by the `@relayId` directive, which has the following definition:

[source, graphql]
----
directive @relayId on FIELD_DEFINITION
----

> Using the `Book` example above, ISBN is normally a unique identifier. So you configure this like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Considering the same `Book` example, ISBN is normally a unique identifier. 
You can configure this like so:
```

[source, graphql]
----
type Book {
  isbn: String! @relayId
}
----

When the schema is augmented, this type will be output as:

[source, graphql]
----
type Book implements Node {
  id: ID!
  isbn: String!
}
----

When the `id` field is used, `isbn` is the underlying property that is used in the database.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The `Book` type is now refetchable via the `node` query field, and is ready to be used with a Relay client!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, the `Book` type is now refetchable via the `node` query field, and is ready to be used with a Relay client.
```
